Enforcing all required props during the test render pipeline (#7)
Codecademy/component-test-setup: README.md

});
```

> - It is also setup to understand which of the required props have already been passed and which ones have not, allowing you to bypass sending anything at all into the `render*` method if you've already passed everything it needs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It is also set up to understand which of the required props have already been passed and which ones have not, allowing you to bypass sending anything at all into the `render*` method if you've already passed everything it needs:
```

_(and +1 to explicitly calling this out!)_
